---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_compute_snapshot Data Source - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_compute_snapshot (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pk` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `content` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute Snapshots record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Compute Snapshots record
- `instance` (Attributes) The Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot record is of. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--instance))
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata details of the The metadata details of the "hyperv" Compute Snapshot. Returned if the type
is "hyperv". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--metadata))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Compute Snapshots instance
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Compute Snapshots belongs to
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Compute Snapshots (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--specs))
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Compute Snapshots
- `type` (String) The type of the Compute Snapshots
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute Snapshots record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Compute Snapshots instance.

<a id="nestedatt--content--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.instance`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot is of.
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of the Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot is of.
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot is of.


<a id="nestedatt--content--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates if the "hyperv" Compute Snapshot is currently active.
- `remove_subtree` (Boolean) Indicates if the "hyperv" Compute Snapshot should remove the subtree when deleted.


<a id="nestedatt--content--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
