---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_compute_instance Data Source - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_compute_instance (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute Instance record was created.
- `grace_period` (Number) Number of days after a user sets the state of the Compute Instance Resource to Scrub (8) before it is
executed by robot.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) Array of the interfaces for the Compute Instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces))
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata details of the Compute Instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) The human-friendly name given to this Compute Instance
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Compute Instance belongs to
- `specs` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--specs))
- `state` (String) The current state of the Compute Instance
- `type` (String) The type of the Compute Instance
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute Instance record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Compute Instance.

<a id="nestedatt--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (Boolean) Indicates if this interface functions as the network gateway for the Compute instance.
- `ipv4_addresses` (Attributes List) An array of the IPv4 addresses on the Interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces--ipv4_addresses))
- `ipv6_addresses` (Attributes List) An array of the IPv6 addresses on the Interface. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces--ipv6_addresses))
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN assigned to this Interface

<a id="nestedatt--interfaces--ipv4_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.ipv4_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The IP address on the  Interface.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the IP Address record on the Interface.
- `nat` (Boolean) Flag indicating if the IP Address is NATted to a Public IP Address
- `public_ip` (String) The Public IP address that the address is NATted to.


<a id="nestedatt--interfaces--ipv6_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.ipv6_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The IP address on the Interface.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the IP Address record on the Interface.



<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `dns` (String) DNS server IP addresses for the Compute Instance.  Returned if the type is "lxd".
- `dns4` (String) Primary DNS server IPv4 address for the VM.  Returned if the type is "hyperv".
- `dns6` (String) Primary DNS server IPv6 address for the VM. Returned if the type is "hyperv".
- `instance_type` (String) The name of the instance type. It will be either "container" or "vm". Returned if the type is "lxd".
- `userdata` (String) Configuration file to be used by Cloud Init. Returned if the type is "lxd".


<a id="nestedatt--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
