---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_network_firewall Data Source - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_network_firewall (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pk` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Network Firewall record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Network Firewall instance
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Network Firewall belongs to
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of rules for this Network Firewall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Network Firewall (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--specs))
- `state` (String) The current state of the Network Firewall
- `type` (String) The type of the Network Firewall
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Network Firewall record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Network Firewall instance.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `allow` (Boolean) True to allow traffic, False to deny.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the rule. Returned if the type is "project".
- `destination` (String) Destination address or subnet. Use * for any. Returned if the type is "project".
- `group_name` (String) The name of the Geo IP Address Group. Returned if the type is "geo".
- `inbound` (Boolean) True if the rule applies to inbound traffic.
- `order` (Number) Order of rule evaluation (lower runs first). Returned if the type is "project".
- `port` (String) Port or port range (e.g. 80, 443, 1000-2000). Not required for ICMP or ANY.
Returned if the type is "project".
- `protocol` (String) Network protocol (any, icmp, tcp, udp). Returned if the type is "project".
- `source` (String) Source address or subnet. Use * for any. Returned if the type is "project".
- `version` (Number) IP version (4 or 6). Returned if the type is "project".
- `zone` (String) The zone in the firewall that the rule is applied to.


<a id="nestedatt--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
