---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_network_router Data Source - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_network_router (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Router Resource record was created.
- `grace_period` (Number) Number of days after a user sets the state of the Router to Scrub (8) before it is executed by robot.
The default value is 7 days for a Router.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Router Resource instance
- `networks` (Attributes List) An array of the list of networks defined on the Router (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Router Resource belongs to
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Router Resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--specs))
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Router Resource
- `type` (String) The type of the Network Router
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Router Resource record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Network Routers instance.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4_address` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--ipv4_address))
- `ipv4_address_id` (Number) The ID of the assigned public IPv4 address for the Router.
- `ipv6_address` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--ipv6_address))
- `ipv6_address_id` (Number) The ID of the assigned public IPv6 address for the Router.
- `vlan` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--ipv4_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.ipv4_address`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The IP address of the IPAddress record.
- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the IPAddress record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the IPAddress record.
- `name` (String) A verbose name given to the IPAddress record.
- `notes` (String) The note attached to IPAddress that made it.
- `public_ip` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--ipv4_address--public_ip))
- `public_ip_id` (Number) The ID of the Public IPAddress record.
- `subnet_id` (Number) The ID of the Subnet record.
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the IPAddress record was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--ipv4_address--public_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.ipv4_address.public_ip`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The actual address of the Public IPAddress record.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Public IPAddress record.



<a id="nestedatt--metadata--ipv6_address"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.ipv6_address`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The IP address of the IPAddress record.
- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the IPAddress record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the IPAddress record.
- `name` (String) A verbose name given to the IPAddress record.
- `notes` (String) The note attached to IPAddress that made it.
- `public_ip` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--ipv6_address--public_ip))
- `public_ip_id` (Number) The ID of the Public IPAddress record.
- `subnet_id` (Number) The ID of the Subnet record.
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the IPAddress record was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--ipv6_address--public_ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.ipv6_address.public_ip`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The actual address of the Public IPAddress record.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Public IPAddress record.




<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Read-Only:

- `destination` (String) The destination address range of the target network of the static route. Returned if the
type is "static_route".
- `ipv4` (String) The IPv4 address range of the network. Returned if the type is "router".
- `ipv6` (String) The IPv6 address range of the network. Returned if the type is "router".
- `name` (String) The name of the network. Returned if the type is "router".
- `nat` (Boolean) Flag indicating if traffic from the destination can route to the Public internet. Returned if
the type is "static_route".
- `nexthop` (String) An IP address from one of the networks configured on the Router in the Project to forward the
packet to. Returned if the type is "static_route".
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN ID of the network. Returned if the type is "router".


<a id="nestedatt--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
