---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_network_vpn Data Source - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_network_vpn (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `pk` (Number)

### Read-Only

- `content` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Network VPN record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Network VPN record
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata for the configuration of the IKE and IPSec phases of the Network VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--metadata))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Network VPN instance
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Network VPN belongs to
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Network VPN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--specs))
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Network VPN
- `type` (String) The type of the Network VPN
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Network VPN record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Network VPN instance.

<a id="nestedatt--content--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `child_sas` (Attributes List) An array of Child SAs (Security Associations) of the routes for the Network VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--metadata--child_sas))
- `ike_authentication` (String) Authentication algorithms for the IKE phase.
- `ike_dh_groups` (String) Diffie-Helmen groups for the IKE phase.
- `ike_encryption` (String) Encryption algorithms for the IKE phase.
- `ike_gateway_type` (String) The gateway type (public_ip or hostname ) for the IKE phase.
- `ike_gateway_value` (String) The gateway value (IP or hostname) for the IKE phase.
- `ike_lifetime` (Number) The lifetime of the IKE phase in seconds.
- `ike_local_identifier` (String) The local identifier of the IKE phase in the region.
- `ike_pre_shared_key` (String) The pre shared key of the IKE phase.
- `ike_remote_identifier` (String) The remote identifier of the IKE phase on the customers side of the VPN.
- `ike_version` (Number) The version of the IKE phase
- `ipsec_authentication` (String) Authentication algorithms for the IPSec phase.
- `ipsec_encryption` (String) Encryption algorithms for the IPSec phase.
- `ipsec_establish_time` (String) The establish time for the IPSec phase.
- `ipsec_lifetime` (Number) The lifetime of the IPSec phase in seconds.
- `ipsec_pfs_groups` (String) Perfect Forward Secrecy groups for the IPSec phase.
- `stif_number` (Number) STIF number for the Network VPN.
- `traffic_selector` (Boolean) Flag for it traffic selectors are enabled.

<a id="nestedatt--content--metadata--child_sas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.metadata.child_sas`

Read-Only:

- `local_ts` (String) The CIDR notation of a subnet configured on the Network Router in the same Project
- `remote_ts` (String) CIDR notation of a subnet on the Customer side of the Network VPN.



<a id="nestedatt--content--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
