---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_storage_volume Data Source - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_storage_volume (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `content` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `contra_instances` (Attributes List) A list of Compute Instances the Storage Volume is mounted to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--contra_instances))
- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Storage Volume was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Storage Volume record
- `instance` (Attributes) The "hyperv" Compute Instance the "hyperv" Storage Volume is attached to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--instance))
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata object of "ceph" Storage Volumes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--metadata))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Storage Volume
- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the Project that this Storage Volume belongs to
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Storage Volume (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--specs))
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Storage Volume
- `type` (String) The type of the Storage Volume
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Storage Volume was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Storage Volumes instance.

<a id="nestedatt--content--contra_instances"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.contra_instances`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the Compute Instance the Storage Volume is attached to.
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to the Compute Instance the Storage Volume is attached to.
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Compute Instance the Storage Volume is attached to.


<a id="nestedatt--content--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.instance`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the "hyperv" Compute Instance the "hyperv" Storage Volume is attached to.
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of the "hyperv" Compute Instance the "hyperv" Storage Volume is attached to.
- `state` (Number) The current state of the "hyperv" Compute Instance the "hyperv" Storage Volume is attached to.


<a id="nestedatt--content--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `attach_instance_ids` (List of Number) List of IDs of "lxd" Compute instances which the "ceph" Storage Volume should be attached to.
- `detach_instance_ids` (List of Number) List of IDs of "lxd" Compute instances which the "ceph" Storage Volume should be detached from.
- `mount_path` (String) The mpunt path of the "ceph" Storage Volume on the "lxd" Compute instances.


<a id="nestedatt--content--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
