---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_compute_gpu Resource - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_compute_gpu (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `name` (String) The user-friendly name for the GPU Resource.
- `state` (String) Change the state of the Compute GPU, triggering the CloudCIX Robot to perform the requested action.

To detach a Compute GPU from an lxd Compute Instance, send request to change the state to delete

### Read-Only

- `content` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute GPU record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Compute GPU record
- `instance` (Attributes) The "lxd" Compute Instance the Compute GPU is attached to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--instance))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Compute GPU
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Compute GPU belongs to
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Compute GPU (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--specs))
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Compute GPU
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute GPU record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Compute GPU instance.

<a id="nestedatt--content--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.instance`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the "lxd" Compute Instance the Compute GPU is attached to.
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of the "lxd" Compute Instance the Compute GPU is attached to.
- `state` (Number) The current state of the "lxd" Compute Instance the Compute GPU is attached to.


<a id="nestedatt--content--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
