---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_compute_backup Resource - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_compute_backup (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (Number) The id of the Compute Instance the Compute Backup is to be taken of.
- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the User's Project into which this new Compute Backups should be added.

### Optional

- `name` (String) The user-friendly name for the Compute Backups Resource. If not sent, it will default to the
current name.
- `pk` (Number)
- `state` (String) Change the state of the Compute Backup, triggering the CloudCIX Robot to perform the requested action.
Users can only request state changes from certain current states:

- running -> delete
- `type` (String) The type of Compute Backup to create. Valid options are:
- "hyperv"
- "lxd"

### Read-Only

- `content` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))

<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute Backups record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Compute Backups record
- `instance` (Attributes) The Compute Instance the Compute Backup record is of. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--instance))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Compute Backups instance
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Compute Backups belongs to
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Compute Backups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--specs))
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Compute Backups
- `type` (String) The type of the Compute Backups
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute Backups record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Compute Backups instance.

<a id="nestedatt--content--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.instance`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the Compute Instance the Compute Backup is of.
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of the Compute Instance the Compute Backup is of.
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Compute Instance the Compute Backup is of.


<a id="nestedatt--content--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
