---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_compute_snapshot Resource - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_compute_snapshot (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (Number) The id of the Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot is to be taken of.
- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the User's Project into which this new Compute Snapshots should be added.

### Optional

- `name` (String) The user-friendly name for the Compute Snapshot Resource. If not sent, it will default to the name
"Compute Snapshot"
- `state` (String) Change the state of the Compute Snapshot, triggering the CloudCIX Robot to perform the requested action.
Users can only request state changes from certain current states:

- running -> update_running or delete
- `type` (String) The type of Compute Snapshot to create. Valid options are:
- "hyperv"
- "lxd"

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute Snapshots record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Compute Snapshots record
- `instance` (Attributes) The Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot record is of. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance))
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata details of the The metadata details of the "hyperv" Compute Snapshot. Returned if the type
is "hyperv". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Compute Snapshots (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--specs))
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Compute Snapshots record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Compute Snapshots instance.

<a id="nestedatt--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot is of.
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name of the Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot is of.
- `state` (String) The current state of the Compute Instance the Compute Snapshot is of.


<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates if the "hyperv" Compute Snapshot is currently active.
- `remove_subtree` (Boolean) Indicates if the "hyperv" Compute Snapshot should remove the subtree when deleted.


<a id="nestedatt--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
