---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_network_vpn Resource - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_network_vpn (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the User's Project into which this Network VPN should be added.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Attributes) Optional. The metadata required to configure the Network VPN instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name for the Network VPN type. If not sent, it will default to current name.
- `pk` (Number)
- `state` (String) Change the state of the Network VPN, triggering the CloudCIX Robot to perform the requested action.
Users can only request state changes from certain current states:

- running -> update_running or delete
- `type` (String) The type of Network VPN to create. Valid options are:
- "site-to-site"

### Read-Only

- `content` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `child_sas` (Attributes List) An array of Child SAs (Security Associations) to create the initial routes for the VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--child_sas))
- `ike_authentication` (String) Optional. A string containing a comma separated array of authentication algorithms for the IKE
phase of the Network VPN. If not sent, it will default to the current value.

The IKE phase authentication algorithms supported are;
- `SHA1`
- `SHA256`
- `SHA384`

Please ensure that each entry in the array matches one of the above strings exactly.
Duplicate entries will be ignored.
- `ike_dh_groups` (String) Optional. A string containing a comma separated array of Diffie-Helmen groups for the IKE phase
of the Network VPN. If not sent, it will default to the current value.

The IKE phase Diffie-Helmen groups supported are;
- `Group 1`
- `Group 2`
- `Group 5`
- `Group 19`
- `Group 20`
- `Group 24`

Please ensure that each entry in the array matches one of the above strings exactly.
Duplicate entries will be ignored.
- `ike_encryption` (String) Optional. A string containing a comma separated array of encryption algorithms for the IKE phase of
the Network VPN. If not sent, it will default to the current value.

The IKE phase encryption algorithms supported are;
- `128 bit AES-CBC`
- `192 bit AES-CBC`
- `256 bit AES-CBC`

Please ensure that each entry in the array matches one of the above strings exactly.
Duplicate entries will be ignored.
- `ike_gateway_type` (String) The type of data that is stored in the `ike_gateway_value` field. It can only either "public_ip" or
"hostname". If not sent, it will default to the current value.
- `ike_gateway_value` (String) The value used as the IKE gateway for the Network VPN. The type for this value depends on what type
was sent for the "ike_gateway_type".

For "public_ip", this value must be a string containing an IP address.
For "hostname", this value must be a valid hostname.
- `ike_lifetime` (Number) Optional. The lifetime of the IKE phase in seconds. Must be a value between 180 and 86400 inclusive.
If not sent, it will default to the current value.
- `ike_pre_shared_key` (String) The pre shared key to use for setting up the IKE phase of the Network VPN.

Note that the pre shared key cannot contain any of the following special characters;
- `"`
- `'`
- `@`
- `+`
- `-`
- `/`
- `\`
- `|`
- `=`
- `ike_version` (String) Optional. String value of the chosen version for the IKE phase. If not sent, it will default to
the current value.

The IKE phase versions supported are;
- `v1-only`
- `v2-only`

Please ensure the sent string matches one of these exactly.
- `ipsec_authentication` (String) Optional. A string containing a comma separated array of authentication algorithms for the IPSec
phase of the Site-to-Site Network VPN. If not sent, it will default to the current value.

The IPSec phase authentication algorithms supported are;
- `SHA1`
- `SHA256`

Please ensure that each entry in the array matches one of the above strings exactly.
Duplicate entries will be ignored.
- `ipsec_encryption` (String) Optional. A string containing a comma separated array of encryption algorithms for the IPSEC phase
of the Network VPN. If not sent, it will default to the current value.

The IPSEC phase encryption algorithms supported are;
- `AES 128`
- `AES 192`
- `AES 256`
- `AES 128 GCM`
- `AES 192 GCM`
- `AES 256 GCM`

Please ensure that each entry in the array matches one of the above strings exactly.
Duplicate entries will be ignored.
- `ipsec_establish_time` (String) Optional. String value of the chosen establish_time for the IPSec phase. If not sent, it will
default to the current value.

The IPSec phase establish time values supported are;
- `Immediately`
- `On Traffic`

Please ensure the sent string matches one of these exactly.
- `ipsec_lifetime` (Number) Optional. The lifetime of the IPSec phase in seconds. It be a value between 180 and 86400 inclusive.
If not sent, it will default to the current value.
- `ipsec_pfs_groups` (String) Optional. A string containing a comma separated array of Perfect Forward Secrecy (PFS) groups for
the IPSec phase of the Network VPN. If not sent, it will default to the current value.

The IPSec phase PFS groups supported are;
- `Group 1`
- `Group 2`
- `Group 5`
- `Group 14`
- `Group 19`
- `Group 20`
- `Group 24`

Please ensure that each entry in the array matches one of the above strings exactly.
Duplicate entries will be ignored.
- `traffic_selector` (Boolean) Optional. Boolean value stating if traffic selectors are to be used in configuring vpn tunnel.
If not sent, it will default to the current value.

By default, 0.0.0.0/0 will be used for the default local and remote CIDRs.
If true, then each of the local and remote CIDRs will be added to the configuration negotiation
with peer.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--child_sas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.child_sas`

Optional:

- `local_ts` (String) The local Subnet in Network VPN's Project that will be configured as part of this route
in a Child SA.
- `remote_ts` (String) CIDR notation of the Remote Subnet on the Customer side of the Network VPN that should
be given access through the VPN.

Note:
- The sent address range can overlap with the subnets configured on the Router in the
Project for the VPNS2S.
- The sent address range cannot overlap with a remote subnet of another VPN in the
same Project.



<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Network VPN record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Network VPN record
- `metadata` (Attributes) The metadata for the configuration of the IKE and IPSec phases of the Network VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--metadata))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Network VPN instance
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Network VPN belongs to
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Network VPN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--specs))
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Network VPN
- `type` (String) The type of the Network VPN
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Network VPN record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Network VPN instance.

<a id="nestedatt--content--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `child_sas` (Attributes List) An array of Child SAs (Security Associations) of the routes for the Network VPN. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--metadata--child_sas))
- `ike_authentication` (String) Authentication algorithms for the IKE phase.
- `ike_dh_groups` (String) Diffie-Helmen groups for the IKE phase.
- `ike_encryption` (String) Encryption algorithms for the IKE phase.
- `ike_gateway_type` (String) The gateway type (public_ip or hostname ) for the IKE phase.
- `ike_gateway_value` (String) The gateway value (IP or hostname) for the IKE phase.
- `ike_lifetime` (Number) The lifetime of the IKE phase in seconds.
- `ike_local_identifier` (String) The local identifier of the IKE phase in the region.
- `ike_pre_shared_key` (String) The pre shared key of the IKE phase.
- `ike_remote_identifier` (String) The remote identifier of the IKE phase on the customers side of the VPN.
- `ike_version` (Number) The version of the IKE phase
- `ipsec_authentication` (String) Authentication algorithms for the IPSec phase.
- `ipsec_encryption` (String) Encryption algorithms for the IPSec phase.
- `ipsec_establish_time` (String) The establish time for the IPSec phase.
- `ipsec_lifetime` (Number) The lifetime of the IPSec phase in seconds.
- `ipsec_pfs_groups` (String) Perfect Forward Secrecy groups for the IPSec phase.
- `stif_number` (Number) STIF number for the Network VPN.
- `traffic_selector` (Boolean) Flag for it traffic selectors are enabled.

<a id="nestedatt--content--metadata--child_sas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.metadata.child_sas`

Read-Only:

- `local_ts` (String) The CIDR notation of a subnet configured on the Network Router in the same Project
- `remote_ts` (String) CIDR notation of a subnet on the Customer side of the Network VPN.



<a id="nestedatt--content--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
