---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_network_router Resource - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_network_router (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the User's Project into which this Network Router should be added.

### Optional

- `metadata` (Attributes) Metadata for the Netork Routers of the type "static_route". (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name for the Network Router. If not sent, it will default to current name.
- `networks` (Attributes List) Networks for the Netork Routers of the type "router".

An array of the list of networks defined on the Network Router.
Existing networks (vlan property is not None) can have their names updated but IPv4/IPv6 ranges and VLAN
cannot be modified. To create a new network on the Network Router, append an object to the list with an
`ipv4` key for an available RFC 1918 address range. The `ipv6` and `vlan` values will be generated based
on what is available in the region. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))
- `state` (String) Change the state of the Network Router, triggering the CloudCIX Robot to perform the requested action.

Available state transitions:

From running state, you can transition to:
- update_running - Apply pending configuration changes while keeping the router operational
- delete - Mark the router for deletion (requires all other project resources to be deleted first)

From delete_queue state, you can transition to:
- restart - Restore a router that was previously marked for deletion

Note: To delete a router, all other resources in the project must first be in one of these states:
delete, delete_queue, or deleting.
- `type` (String) The type of Network Router to create. Valid options are:
- "router"
 A virtual route that manages IP forwarding, and participate in routing decisions
 for the Project.
- "static_route"
  Maps a destination network to a nexthop IP, enabling deterministic packet forwarding.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Router Resource record was created.
- `grace_period` (Number) Number of days after a user sets the state of the Router to Scrub (8) before it is executed by robot.
The default value is 7 days for a Router.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Router Resource record
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Router Resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--specs))
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Router Resource record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Network Routers instance.

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Optional:

- `destination` (String) CIDR notation of the destination address range of the target network of the static route.
The destination cannot be updated.
- `nat` (Boolean) Flag indicating if traffic from the destination can be routed to the Public internet via the
Project's Router.
- `nexthop` (String) An IP address from one of the networks configured on the Router in the Project to forward the
packet to. The nexthop cannot be updated.


<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Optional:

- `ipv4` (String) The IPv4 address range of the network
- `name` (String) The name of the network

Read-Only:

- `ipv6` (String) The IPv6 address range of the network
- `vlan` (Number) The VLAN ID of the network.


<a id="nestedatt--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
