---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudcix-dev_network_firewall Resource - cloudcix-dev"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudcix-dev_network_firewall (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (Number) The ID of the Project which this Network Firewall should be created in. Each project can have
exactly ONE project firewall and ONE geo firewall maximum.

### Optional

- `name` (String) The user-friendly name for the Network Firewall type. If not sent, it will default to current name.
- `pk` (Number)
- `rules` (Attributes List) CRITICAL WARNING: This completely replaces ALL existing firewall rules. Any rules not included
in this update will be permanently deleted. You must include the complete list of all rules
you want to keep, both existing and new ones.

A list of the rules to be configured in the Network Firewall type. They will be applied in the
order they are sent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `state` (String) Change the state of the Network Firewall, triggering the CloudCIX Robot to perform the requested action.
Users can only request state changes from certain current states:

- running -> update_running or delete
- `type` (String) The type of Network Firewall to create. Each project can have exactly ONE of each type.
Valid options are:
- "geo"
  A Geofilter Firewall to allow or block traffic from/to specific countries using global
  IP Address Groups (member_id = 0) that contain country IP ranges.
- "project"
  A Project Firewall with fine-grained rules for specific source/destination IPs, ports,
  and protocols. Can reference your member's IP Address Groups using '@groupname' syntax.

### Read-Only

- `content` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content))

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Optional:

- `allow` (Boolean) Optional. A flag that states whether traffic matching this rule should be allowed to pass
through the Network Firewall Type. If not sent, it wlll default to False.
- `description` (String) Optional description of what the rule is for.
- `destination` (String) Required if type is "project".

A Subnet, IP Address or the name of a Project Network IP Group with `@` prepended
that indicates what the destination of traffic should be in order to match this rule.

It can also be just a `*` character, which will indicate that any destination is allowed.

Both source and destination must use the same IP Version.
- `group_name` (String) Required if type is "geo".

The name of a Geo Network IP Group with `@` prepended.
- `inbound` (Boolean) Optional. Flag indicating the direction of traffic this rule applies to:
- true: Inbound rule (traffic coming INTO your project/network)
- false: Outbound rule (traffic going OUT FROM your project/network)

If not sent, it will default to False (outbound rule).
- `port` (String) Required if type is "project".

A string that indicates what the destination port of traffic should be in order to match this
rule. The range for valid ports are between 1 - 65535 inclusive.

Allowed Values:
    `22`: Only port 22 is allowed
    `20-25`: Ports between 20 and 25 inclusive are allowed
    `22,24-25,444`: Combination of one or more single port and single port ranges
                    with comma separated are allowed
    ``: No port is required if the protocol is 'any' or 'icmp'
- `protocol` (String) Required if type is "project".

A string that indicates what protocol traffic should be using in order to match this rule.
The supported protocols are;
    - 'icmp'
    - 'tcp'
    - 'udp'

The special case protocol 'any' is allowed and allows any protocol through.
- `source` (String) Required if type is "project".

A Subnet, IP Address or the name of a Project Network IP Group with `@` prepended
that indicates what the destination of traffic should be in order to match this rule.

It can also be just a `*` character, which will indicate that any source is allowed.

Both source and destination must use the same IP Version.


<a id="nestedatt--content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Network Firewall record was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the Network Firewall record
- `name` (String) The user-friendly name given to this Network Firewall instance
- `project_id` (Number) The id of the Project that this Network Firewall belongs to
- `rules` (Attributes List) List of rules for this Network Firewall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--rules))
- `specs` (Attributes List) An array of the specs for the Network Firewall (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--content--specs))
- `state` (Number) The current state of the Network Firewall
- `type` (String) The type of the Network Firewall
- `updated` (String) Timestamp, in ISO format, of when the Network Firewall record was last updated.
- `uri` (String) URL that can be used to run methods in the API associated with the Network Firewall instance.

<a id="nestedatt--content--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.rules`

Read-Only:

- `allow` (Boolean) True to allow traffic, False to deny.
- `description` (String) Optional description of the rule. Returned if the type is "project".
- `destination` (String) Destination address or subnet. Use * for any. Returned if the type is "project".
- `group_name` (String) The name of the Geo IP Address Group. Returned if the type is "geo".
- `inbound` (Boolean) True if the rule applies to inbound traffic.
- `order` (Number) Order of rule evaluation (lower runs first). Returned if the type is "project".
- `port` (String) Port or port range (e.g. 80, 443, 1000-2000). Not required for ICMP or ANY.
Returned if the type is "project".
- `protocol` (String) Network protocol (any, icmp, tcp, udp). Returned if the type is "project".
- `source` (String) Source address or subnet. Use * for any. Returned if the type is "project".
- `version` (Number) IP version (4 or 6). Returned if the type is "project".


<a id="nestedatt--content--specs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `content.specs`

Read-Only:

- `quantity` (Number) How many units of a billable entity that a Resource utilises
- `sku_name` (String) An identifier for a billable entity that a Resource utilises
